after knowing the political cycle of the city
power now our goal was to get
studies
of digital television the south the m program we would also have
Libya's mission to opt for the April curiel programming
here history
and how do we get through in the city
with an annotated at night near the
nine thirty at night
here in buenos aires
there's the extra background you can see
the obelisk
we are at the height of the current avenue
on the main avenue
close to buenos aires nov 11
that is eighth lost to hang
we are going
in search of
from the subway
that Argentines have the Inca Trail down
I think the low state of the earth is latent
the subway
ap
everything happening to the second level
skimming the second level
percent
that promises to have
and as such extreme that we are not aware of the provision of destinations
simple
ferrández as the Argentines call it
I'm not own stories
can draw attention to how little is going on and we are seeing a
underground efe
efe another collective
the truth
said
we were very lucky to find it accommodating
suddenly up to Buenos Aires
I did not have much in Europe commented
how the system worked
its structure
- asturias
and the walk through the subway is a unique experience
When you can come to Buenos Aires does not distinguish
we have arrived at the Federico Lacroze station
oña equino says in day we are quieting them
in the southern ideas studios the south ideas channel
We are really looking forward to getting to know this beautiful city of Buenos Aires, but
as well
as we walk we also worry about our safety
and is that the natives of the sector where it reaches Murcia by the sector
then your state are allying themselves south they recommended to us that we had
many precautions at the end
we've just arrived
we are about to start another story and another the dream of knowing
dt marcelo tinelli's program after eight districts that
we believe we have seen and found
on the southern ideas channel
and all this as you know informed
if we arrive on time
8 12 one thing
we should ask the complex